Oie docs embedded revisions general (#2237)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/oie-embedded-sdk-setup/oie-embedded-sdk-org-setup/index.md

   1. **Before July 20th, 2021 (Preview only):**
   [Sign-up](https://developer.okta.com/signup/oie-preview.html) for an Okta account.
   1. **After July 20th, 2021:** [Sign-up](https://developer.okta.com/signup/oie.html) for an Okta account.
      **Only use this link after the listed date.**

   After you sign up, Okta sends you a verify email with the email address that
   you provided.

1. Using the activate link in Okta’s email, activate your account
   providing a new password. Okta redirects you to the
   [Admin console](https://developer.okta.com/docs/guides/quickstart/using-console/)
   dashboard.

## Set up your Okta org for password factor only use cases

> The next step is to set up your Okta org so that you can connect your sample app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The next step is to set up your Okta org so that you can connect your sample app,
```

   1. **Before July 20th, 2021 (Preview only):**
   [Sign-up](https://developer.okta.com/signup/oie-preview.html) for an Okta account.
   1. **After July 20th, 2021:** [Sign-up](https://developer.okta.com/signup/oie.html) for an Okta account.
      **Only use this link after the listed date.**

>    Once you sign up, Okta will send you a verify email with the email address

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   After you sign up, Okta sends you a verify email with the email address that
```

Author: Made the updates in latest commit.

   you provided.

1. Using the activate link in Okta’s email, activate your account

>    providing a new password. Okta will redirect you to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   providing a new password. Okta redirects you to the
```

Author: Made the updates in latest commit.

## Set up your Okta org for password factor only use cases

> The next step is to set up your Okta org so you can connect your sample app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The next step is to set up your Okta org so that you can connect your sample app,
```

Author: Made the updates in latest commit.

> and any app you're building to it. The setup includes creating a new org

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and any app that you're building, to the org. The setup includes creating a new org
```

Author: Made the updates in latest commit.

application, updating the default authorization server’s settings, and
defining new org policies. See

> [Create an Okta app integration](https://developer.okta.com/docs/guides/sign-into-web-app/aspnet/create-okta-application/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Create an Okta app integration](https://developer.okta.com/docs/guides/sign-into-web-app/aspnet/create-okta-application/).
```

Author: Made the updates in latest commit.

> for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Author: Made the updates in latest commit.

**This section discusses how to set up your Okta Org for password factor only

> use cases.** These use cases (except are intended to use the password factor only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
use cases.** These use cases are intended to use the password factor only
```

Author: Made the updates in latest commit.
